chore: bring `engines-wrapper` packages back & pnpm 7 (#13769)
prisma/prisma: packages/engines/README.md

# `@prisma/engines`

This package ships the Prisma Engines, namely the Query Engine, Migration Engine, Introspection Engine and Prisma Format.

> It has a one to one mapping to the engine releases in its version.

Reviewer: This is not true anymore, the version will be monorepo style

Reviewer 2: We could add a note instead that it gets the actual version of the engines via `@prisma/engines-version` which follows a different versioning pattern that includes that information as documented here currently.

> This package ships the Prisma Engines, namely the Query Engine, Migration Engine, Introspection Engine and Prisma Format.
> It has a one to one mapping to the engine releases in its version.
> In the postinall hook of this package, all engines available for the current platform are downloaded from the Prisma CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is used to download the Prisma Engines, namely the Query Engine, Migration Engine, Introspection Engine and Prisma Format.
Its version usd to have has a one to one mapping to the engine hash in its version.
Since Prisma 4 its version follows the `prisma/prisma` monorepo versioning and it uses the `@prisma/engines-version` package to map to the engines hash.

In the `postinstall` hook of this package, all engines available for the current platform are downloaded from the Prisma CDN `https://binaries.prisma.sh`.
```
